well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
Bella Thorne Whoopi Goldberg know that
seems weird for this channel but there's
a bigger question that I think is being
missed in this little scandal now if
you're not familiar with what happened
Bella Thorne apparently took some
intimate photos and they were stored on
the cloud
she was hacked the hacker threatened to
blackmail her with him so like a boss
she just put him on Twitter herself then
Whoopi Goldberg basically made the
statement that if you're a celebrity in
2019 you need you should know better
than this that you know you're gonna get
and this is gonna happen if you put
these kind of images out there you
shouldn't take these types of photos mmm
that that's a troubling statement and I
know right now somebody said no that's
just I mean that's the way it is the way
of the world right now let me try to put
this in another way she's a victim of a
crime
now if the hacker had taken photos of
her to birthday party would this be said
no so when you actually dissect this
statement well because of what she was
wearing she was asking for it that's a
pretty troubling statement and that's
what the main debate is over but there
is a much bigger much bigger question
before we get into it I want to say that
Miss Thorne has every right to feel
violated her privacy was violated she's
a victim of a crime and nothing I'm
about to say is is meant to suggest she
shouldn't feel violated but I don't feel
that she should feel shame
what's the motivation behind blackmail
you're gonna do what I say I'm gonna
create a scandal right okay
now I've made a point not to look at the
photos but I had a journalist friend who
was a woman because somehow that felt
less invasive look at him and just kind
of tell me what they want and they are
the same photos that almost everybody
under the age of 30 has taken why is
this scandal this this is extremely
common behavior this is something that
almost every young person does yes even
your princess this is really common but
it's a scandal
millions of people did this today it's a
scandal because we have unrealistic
expectations of people who are in the
public eye
we have unrealistic expectations of
celebrities their actions when they do
something that is completely normal
simply because they're in the limelight
oh well it's a scandal it's a little
ridiculous I don't feel that simply
because some of these are films or a
musician that they need to lead a life
without incident I mean that's a little
ridiculous
and normal behavior gets stigmatized to
to insane degrees at times I watched a
TED talk by jenna haze and if you're not
familiar whether she's an adult actress
was an adult actress and after she left
that industry a major bank closed her
account because they didn't want to be
associated with it in this day and age
when it's everywhere when it is
something that is extremely common and
used by almost everybody there's still
that stigma and that's the same thing
that happened here this thorn did
something that was extremely common and
yet she's suffering some stigma because
of it oh she should have known better
those unrealistic expectations extend
into beauty as well we expect those in
the public eye to be perfect at all
times and I'm not sure if this played
into it and in her case but I had a
friend who had her intimate photos
leaked by an ex and does she felt
violated and betrayed as she should but
her main concern and the thing that
really bothered her was in one of the
photos she had a love handle that's very
telling about our society that that
something like that is the concern
because we have to have this Instagram
image of perfect right everything has to
be like that we have to have a fake life
because it's all broadcast
everything's on social media so
everybody becomes in the public eye and
we compare ourselves to those perfect
people in Hollywood and maybe that's
part of the reason why we enjoy these
scandals so much
well they made a mistake too it's okay
there's nothing there's no mistake here
she didn't do anything wrong
so how can we counter this you have to
remove the reasoning behind blackmail
and that's that it's going to cause a
scandal when you do that you remove the
power you remove remove the motivation
the monetary motivation and then these
hacks really don't happen as much so
rather than turn each time a celebrity's
nudes get late leaked into some major
event instead don't so the human body
you've probably taken nude photos no big
deal you're talking about consenting
adults exchanging images of themselves
this is not a big deal
and if we can remove that scandal and
treat these leaks the same way we would
if suddenly somebody said well you know
Bella Thorne went to Walmart the
motivations gone and then those
violations don't happen don't turn this
into a scandal it's not she didn't do
anything wrong and she certainly didn't
do anything wrong simply because of the
way she was dressed anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night